{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Description\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 Let's redesign our program and write a class that represents the coffee machine. The class should have a method that takes a string as input. Every time the user inputs a string to the console, the program invokes this method with one argument: the line that user input to the console. This system simulates pretty accurately how real-world electronic devices work. External components (like buttons on the coffee machine or tapping on the screen) generate events that pass into the single interface of the program.\cb1 \
\cb2 The class should not use system input at all; it will only handle the input that comes to it via this method and its string argument.\cb1 \
\cb2 The first problem that comes to mind: how to write that method in a way that it represents all that coffee machine can do? If the user inputs a single number, how can the method determine what that number is: a variant of coffee chosen by the user or the number of the disposable cups that a special worker added into the coffee machine?\cb1 \
\cb2 The right solution to this problem is to store the current state of the machine. The coffee machine has several states it can be in. For example, the state could be "choosing an action" or "choosing a type of coffee". Every time the user inputs something and a program passes that line to the method, the program determines how to interpret this line using the information about the current state. After processing this line, the state of the coffee machine can be changed or can stay the same.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 \cb2 Objective\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 Your final task is to refactor the program. Make it so that you can communicate with the coffee machine through a single method. }